[apm] Add docs on a known issue with APM Server + APM Java agent (#3591)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/apm/known-issues.asciidoc

= Known issues

APM has the following known issues:
////
TEMPLATE
Note: Add known issues for newer Elastic Stack
versions to the top of this page

*Brief description* +
_Versions: XX.XX.XX, YY.YY.YY, ZZ.ZZ.ZZ_

Detailed description including:

The conditions in which this issue occurs
The behavior of the issue
Why it happens
If applicable, exact error messages linked to this issue so users searching for the error message end up here
Link to fix
////

[[apm-empty-metricset-values]]
*Upgrading APM Server to 8.11+ might break event intake from older APM Java agents* +
_APM Server versions: >=8.11.0_ +
_Elastic APM Java agent versions: < 1.43.0_

// Describe the conditions in which this issue occurs

> If you are using APM Server (> v8.11.0) and/or the Elastic APM Java agent (< v1.43.0),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using APM Server (> v8.11.0) and the Elastic APM Java agent (< v1.43.0),
```

		mapper_parsing_exception: Field [jvm.memory.non_heap.pool.committed] attempted to shadow a time_series_metric]
----

// Link to fix
A fix was released in 8.11.2: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/171712[elastic/kibana#171712].

[[apm-empty-metricset-values]]
*APM Server accepts empty metricset values that should have been rejected* +
_APM Server versions: < 8.11.0_ +
_Elastic APM Java Agent versions: < 1.43.0_

// Describe the conditions in which this issue occurs
If you are using APM Server (< v8.11.0) and/or the Elastic APM Java Agent (< v1.43.0),
// Describe the behavior of the issue
the agent may be sending empty histogram metricsets.
// Describe why it happens

> This issue was a result of validation not being properly applied.

Reviewer: How about: 
> In previous APM Server versions some data validation was not properly applied, leading to the APM Server excepting empty histogram metricsets where it shouldn't. This bug was fixed in the APM Server in `8.11.0`. 
> The APM Java Agent (< v1.43.0) was sending such invalid data under certain circumstances. 
> Without upgrading the APM Java Agent version, this can lead to metricsets being rejected by the APM Server and additional error logs in the Java Agent.

// Include exact error messages linked to this issue
// so users searching for the error message end up here.

// Link to fix

> This was fixed in APM server in 8.11.0 and in the Elastic APM Java Agent in 1.43.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fix is to upgrade the Elastic APM Java Agent to a version >= 1.43.0. 
```

		mapper_parsing_exception: Field [jvm.memory.non_heap.pool.committed] attempted to shadow a time_series_metric]
----

// Link to fix
A fix was released in 8.11.2: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/171712[elastic/kibana#171712].

[[apm-empty-metricset-values]]

> *Upgrading APM Server to 8.11+ might break event intake from older APM Java Agents* +

Reviewer 2: Should this be above the older KI at the top of the page?

Author: 🤔  I'm not sure. Is that how we do it for other products?

Reviewer 2: Dunno. It's what we do with APM Server release notes

Author: After a quick search of other "known issues" pages, it looks like the content is organized by topic rather than by version number. 🤷‍♀️  So I think we can do our own thing here. I moved the template to the top of the page and added a note to add new known issues for newer versions to the top.

_APM Server versions: >=8.11.0_ +

> _Elastic APM Java Agent versions: < 1.43.0_

Reviewer 2: agent should be lowercase

https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/shared/attributes.asciidoc#L454
